Update track changes section (#133)
bump-sh/docs: src/_help/track-changes/changelog.md

Breaking changes are the ones your API consumers should not miss and are highlighted in the changelog. Here is a non-exhaustive list of criteria that help us determine if a change is breaking or not:
- Renaming/Deleting an endpoint or operation
- Renaming/Deleting a property (body, parameters, etc...)
- Changing the "type" attribute of a property
- Marking an existing property as required
- Add or delete a security requirement

## Changelog entries

Each release generates a new entry in the changelog, summarizing the key changes since the previous one.

![](/images/help/changelog.png)

To provide more details or context to your API consumers, you can add a title and description to a release during deployment: these elements then appear in the changelog entry.

A simple color-coding system provides a quick visual indication of changes. Items in green have been added, items in orange have been modified, and items in red have been deleted.

When a change is considered a breaking change, it appears in red at the top of the changelog entry.

![](/images/help/breaking-changes.png)

## Manage changelog entries

> Each entry in the changelog is linked to a deployment that has been released.
> 
> If you need to delete an entry from your changelog, you need to unreleased its deploy first: its entry in the changelog will disappear and we regenerate your changelog to accurately reflect this change within the other entries.
> 
> Unreleasing an API document can be done directly from the [deployments page](/help/publish-documentation/deploy-and-release-management/) of your API documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each entry in the changelog is linked to an API document version that has been released.

If you need to delete an entry from your changelog, you need to un-release its API document version first. The entry in the changelog will disappear. If you un-release an intermediate version (there is a more recent and a less recent version of the same API document), the changelog will be regenerated to reflect the changes between the two remaining adjacent versions.

Unreleasing an API document version can be done directly from the [deployments page](/help/publish-documentation/deploy-and-release-management/) of your API documentation.
```
